what's going on everybody so today I'm
going to show you how to still pick the
ball off this is part two for Madden 15
how to make sure you pick it off how to
intercept any pass it no matter what
they're doing
typically I like to just use streaks
because it's easy you know I'm just
trying to let you guys understand that
you just have to be where you're
supposed to be and maybe they've pretty
much taken away straight which is L 2 on
ps4 so you just have to make sure that
you're in position to prep you know to
pick the ball in the hole triangle it's
not anything really really different
well from mat at 25 you just hold a
triangle which makes the game very very
easy and a lot of guys gonna feature
that probably shouldn't we're gonna go
ahead and connect can I move the ball
back a little bit first before we get
started let's go ahead and respawn the
ball to give Russell Wilson some some
room to do us alright so look we're
gonna pick a cover three could we know
that cover three is a defense that
everybody runs anybody gives that
alright so usually what I like to do was
just spread my d line you know what I'm
saying just spread spread him out you
know okay he's gonna run the ball okay
alright alright alright so we're doing
the same shit we're doing the same okay
okay bro just spread your D line and and
Madeline triangle to the right on a ps4
and just cover the middle right here bro
you see look you look just got here
there throw it up bro the bottom line is
this where you're playing coverage is
here cover three is the glitch D bro bro
cover three is the glitch D so you just
watching it bro you're just watching it
here okay go ahead try to run the ball I
can't but you know what bro just throw
the goddamn ball I don't understand why
every time I try to do a tutorial the
computer tries to run the ball it's a
Street throw the street Brad what are
you doing alright man y'all fuck yeah
yeah look guys
once he throws ok let me put somebody on
coverage we got out here okay put him in
coverage right there he's in coverage
now so there's only three guys rushing
so you have to get the other Street go
up okay he gonna still run the ball
alright look more more than likely your
human opponent is not gonna be as smart
as the CPU okay
so that being said everybody wants to
run okay he's wide open cuz I wasn't
playing D that's my guy right there this
this specific formation right here when
you just play the shotgun this happens
to be the offset when the tight end is
also going out on the street you're that
guy
you're that middle linebacker that has
to follow him like so you know I'm
saying I don't know what the fuck I mean
excuse my language bro
I don't know what that guy Russell
Wilson is doing right now but it's not
productive you're just gonna try to
follow this guy okay look okay you okay
look see right there you see that peak
right there that pic is just me running
with him and hold the triangle there's
no need for straight madden has made the
game so fun bum friendly
it doesn't matter bro you're just
running and holding triangle you could
run around the field the whole time and
just hold triangle like right now I'm
just running the whole the trial okay
right there click on them hold triangle
you should have seen it
you don't let the computer do it because
sometimes the computer will like glitch
up and move on the way and act like a
complete mentally challenged person so
you just want to make sure you know for
the basis of every time you set up when
it's like a spread offense triangle to
the right you want a man aligned go
ahead run the ball
okay look click on them but but Woodsen
is kind of old so he's not gonna have
that speed you always want to make sure
that your free safety is fast enough to
like run with anybody you know Charles
Woodson is 9,000 years old in football
years so okay look he's doing it again
okay and he almost did me but look don't
be scared when you're beat over the top
to immediately click press the circle on
ps4 and get him on that guy and press
and triangle you don't have say like if
your guy is beat you know if you got is
beat up beat underneath like ragged you
click on woods to just run and hold
triangle don't press l2 to straight once
you try to strafe you're gonna get
smashed up and at what listen bro it's
gonna be really really bad I don't want
to get vulgar but you might need to go
to seed arm what does that I forgot what
the doctor is that does that is that the
arm I remember which doctor does the
stuff for the UH for the UM for your
anal cavity I know the podiatrist does
feet I can't I'm trying a black right
now is it the proctologist yeah yeah
whichever one it is something about you
getting a bruised asshole in the game
where you thought you was playing being
you really wasn't let's prevent that
so--but once again you want to control
the middle of the field just run with
that guy click on them pick it you said
I'm saying click on them hold triangle
that's why I'm giving you part two
because a lot of guys are telling me you
know broader understand what you was
saying I don't know what's going on I'm
making it so simple bro spread your D
line triangle to the right just man a
line for better coverage and you're
gonna wait for it ok look wonderful for
me bro kits and yards bro show them that
I'm an asshole in this video hells yeah
good stuff bro all right let's try it
again all right you just spreading your
D line triangle right man
you know the Blues are gonna go out to
play okay now they want to send a gaps
when everything's been patched you see
them say umbrella like a lot of stuff
happens that shouldn't happen but it is
what it is bro he sports good look at
every every time now he want to run a a
gap but what I'm trying to do it in the
game it's patch know okay EA okay
alright so again okay let me put this
guy in coverage to some cuz each I'm
doing a gap every playing shit I don't
know where all right so is he gonna
throw it no he's gonna run it he's gonna
run it to get yards on us to show us
that idea stupid okay that's fine
so once again let's go over it again
spread to D line Madeline
watch the middle of the field and pretty
much just wait okay alright run for a
run truck keep running keep writing off
the sticks on me um it that's about
anything goes and then pretty much we're
gonna try it again we're gonna try it
again because the CPU for some reason
okay a gap bro a gap okay yeah bro you
just doing a gaps now okay bro yeah yeah
bro these a gaps will not happen in a
real game just so you know it's practice
mode these a gaps will not happen I
don't know what the f EA Sports is okay
click on them man let's go you said I'm
saying click on them whole triangle you
don't say that's it
so this tutorial should have helped
someone if it did it I don't know what
else to do for you guys bro everybody's
saying they having problems on defense
all the stuff like that there is y'all
throw the straight button is
non-existent oh it's on like right now
I'll straight look you see me looking
down I was with him okay
see look that's what happens sometimes
you see that stupidness where your
flashlight comes out and they're
spinning around like you're in a horror
movie
that happens sometimes when you click on
them and I was still holding straight
because I was on the middle linebacker
that's why you shouldn't hold straight
because the computer will let you do
this dumbest look at this any gaps be
gaps see gaps it's all free here ladies
and gentlemen this is so stupid it's no
way that this works in the real game
because all I'm doing to spread in my
line and man aligning this is so dumb
look at it look at look look out look
how forceful these guys are then this
man is breaking tackles he's so goddamn
strong this guy's on almost watching
again in his prime workout come on man
let's go alright so let's try it again
we're gonna see if he throws the ball
one more time we'll pick it and it will
be ready to go you wanna pick that shit
that's how we do it we're gonna pick
that shit
okay throw it I thought oh yeah hell
yeah Woodson you match slow you fuck see
that look
what's it should be in the game but once
again I didn't set up the defense um
usually I put a faster guy there under
the other than Woodson but always make
sure your free safety is fast because
you'll get burnt triangle
right circle triangle circle switch to
them whole triangle pick the ball very
simple spread your deal I'm Madeline and
just watch the ball we're gonna try to
seem to get one more pick you know to
just leave with a bang
he's not gonna throw the ball he's gonna
run it right now yeah and my guys gonna
stand like he don't see what he's doing
all right
yeah bro good good a I'm mad and that's
good stuff let's go let's go we're gonna
go we're gonna try it again Madeline
spread your D line just you know just
have some space here he's gonna throw
the ball okay he throws it Charles
Woodson get bird again don't be scared
if don't be scared to get done though I
was gonna say don't be scared to bat it
down but Woodson is so slow that it
didn't really matter okay let's try it
again
um this is this is real embarrassing bro
this this right here when you're getting
done by the Raiders though and then look
at this look at this it like yeah let's
do it
yeah bro like you got one job problem
you got one job just throw the goddamn
streak it's all streaks man I don't
understand why the CPU never blocks
anybody in practice mode I here we go
click hey okay drop another drop kick I
don't know who carry is that's why I
don't know what's happening right now I
wouldn't even have him over there I
think I usually put Haden over there
some but it doesn't really matter you
guys get the point
um watched okay he's gonna run it okay
you know what I'm done I'm done you guys
know what's going on you know because it
doesn't matter if I pick streaks it
doesn't really matter to CP he's gonna
do what they want anyway
so um you know you're running you're
okay he's not he's doing it again he
said you know what you know what fuck
you you know what I'm sorry with kid I'm
gonna i'm kersten
fuck you russell wilson let's try it
again let's see what's going on here
let's see what's happening let's go
let's go what do we got what have you
got what do we got what do we got okay
click on them pick it thank you that's
it that's all you're doing
circle whole triangle alright guys I
hope you guys enjoyed this video I hope
it helps somebody if it didn't you know
spread it anyway until next time one
love